update helm docs (#6235)
nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress: charts/nginx-ingress/README.md

# Helm Documentation

> Please refer to [this link](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-ingress-controller/installation/installing-nic/installation-with-helm/) for F5 Nginx Ingress Controller helm-chart documentation.

Reviewer: can you remove this file from `.github/scripts/release-version-update.sh`?

> Please refer to [this link](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-ingress-controller/installation/installing-nic/installation-with-helm/) for F5 Nginx Ingress Controller helm-chart documentation.

Reviewer 2: Try to avoid "this link", "here" -style links.

```suggestion
Please refer to the [Installation with Helm](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-ingress-controller/installation/installing-nic/installation-with-helm/) guide in the NGINX Ingress Controller documentation site.
```
